# 4.10 Location

**Type Name:** `location`

A Location represents a geographic location. The location may be described as any, some or all of the following: region (e.g., North America), civic address (e.g. New York, US), latitude and longitude.

## 4.10.1 Properties

### Required Common Properties
- `type`
- `spec_version`
- `id`
- `created`
- `modified`

### Optional Common Properties
- `created_by_ref`
- `revoked`
- `labels`
- `confidence`
- `lang`
- `external_references`
- `object_marking_refs`
- `granular_markings`
- `extensions`

### Not Applicable Common Properties
- `defanged`

### Location Specific Properties
- `name` (optional): A name used to identify the Location.
- `description` (optional): A textual description of the Location.
- `latitude` (optional): The latitude of the Location in decimal degrees. Positive numbers describe latitudes north of the equator, and negative numbers describe latitudes south of the equator. The value of this property MUST be between -90.0 and 90.0, inclusive. If the longitude property is present, this property MUST be present.
- `longitude` (optional): The longitude of the Location in decimal degrees. Positive numbers describe longitudes east of the prime meridian and negative numbers describe longitudes west of the prime meridian. The value of this property MUST be between -180.0 and 180.0, inclusive. If the latitude property is present, this property MUST be present.
- `precision` (optional): Defines the precision of the coordinates specified by the latitude and longitude properties. This is measured in meters. The actual Location may be anywhere up to precision meters from the defined point. If this property is not present, then the precision is unspecified. If this property is present, the latitude and longitude properties MUST be present.
- `region` (optional): The region that this Location describes. The value for this property SHOULD come from the `region-ov` open vocabulary.
- `country` (optional): The country that this Location describes. This property SHOULD contain a valid ISO 3166-1 ALPHA-2 Code.
- `administrative_area` (optional): The state, province, or other sub-national administrative area that this Location describes. This property SHOULD contain a valid ISO 3166-2 Code.
- `city` (optional): The city that this Location describes.
- `street_address` (optional): The street address that this Location describes. This property includes all aspects or parts of the street address. For example, some addresses may have multiple lines including a mailstop or apartment number.
- `postal_code` (optional): The postal code for this Location.

## 4.10.2 Relationships

These are the relationships explicitly defined between the Location object and other STIX Objects. The first section lists the embedded relationships by property name along with their corresponding target. The rest of the table identifies the relationships that can be made from this object type to another object type by way of the Relationship object. The reverse relationships section illustrates the relationships targeting this object type from another object type. They are included here for convenience. For their definitions, please see the "Source" object.

Relationships are not restricted to those listed below. Relationships can be created between any objects using the `related-to` relationship type or, as with open vocabularies, user-defined names.

### Examples

```json
{
  "type": "location",
  "spec_version": "2.1",
  "id": "location--a6e9345f-5a15-4c29-8bb3-7dcc5d168d64",
  "created_by_ref": "identity--f431f809-377b-45e0-aa1c-6a4751cae5ff",
  "created": "2016-04-06T20:03:00.000Z",
  "modified": "2016-04-06T20:03:00.000Z",
  "latitude": "48.8566",
  "longitude": "2.3522"
}
``` 