# 4.17 Threat Actor

**Type Name:** `threat-actor`

Threat Actors are actual individuals, groups, or organizations believed to be operating with malicious intent. A Threat Actor is not an Intrusion Set but may support or be affiliated with various Intrusion Sets, groups, or organizations over time.

Threat Actors leverage their resources, and possibly the resources of an Intrusion Set, to conduct attacks and run Campaigns against targets.

Threat Actors can be characterized by their motives, capabilities, goals, sophistication level, past activities, resources they have access to, and their role in the organization.

## 4.17.1 Properties

### Required Common Properties
- `type`
- `spec_version`
- `id`
- `created`
- `modified`

### Optional Common Properties
- `created_by_ref`
- `revoked`
- `labels`
- `confidence`
- `lang`
- `external_references`
- `object_marking_refs`
- `granular_markings`
- `extensions`

### Not Applicable Common Properties
- `defanged`

### Threat Actor Specific Properties
- `name` (required): A name used to identify this Threat Actor or Threat Actor group.
- `description` (optional): A description that provides more details and context about the Threat Actor.
- `threat_actor_types` (optional): The type(s) of this threat actor.
- `aliases` (optional): A list of other names that this Threat Actor is known by.
- `first_seen` (optional): The time that this Threat Actor was first seen.
- `last_seen` (optional): The time that this Threat Actor was last seen.
- `roles` (optional): A list of roles the Threat Actor plays.
- `goals` (optional): The high level goals of this Threat Actor.
- `sophistication` (optional): The skill, specific knowledge, special training, or expertise a Threat Actor must have to perform the attack.
- `resource_level` (optional): The organizational level at which this Threat Actor typically works.
- `primary_motivation` (optional): The primary reason, motivation, or purpose behind this Threat Actor.
- `secondary_motivations` (optional): The secondary reasons, motivations, or purposes behind this Threat Actor.
- `personal_motivations` (optional): The personal reasons, motivations, or purposes of the Threat Actor regardless of organizational goals.

## 4.17.2 Relationships

These are the relationships explicitly defined between the Threat Actor object and other STIX Objects. The first section lists the embedded relationships by property name along with their corresponding target. The rest of the table identifies the relationships that can be made from this object type to another object type by way of the Relationship object.

### Embedded Relationships
| Property Name | Target |
|--------------|--------|
| created_by_ref | identity |
| object_marking_refs | list of type identifier (of type marking-definition) |

### Common Relationships
- `duplicate-of`
- `derived-from`
- `related-to`

### Source/Target Relationships
| Source | Relationship Type | Target | Description |
|--------|------------------|--------|-------------|
| threat-actor | attributed-to | identity | This Relationship describes that the Threat Actor's real identity is the related Identity. |

### Examples

```json
{
  "type": "threat-actor",
  "spec_version": "2.1",
  "id": "threat-actor--8e2e2d2b-17d4-4cbf-938f-98ee46b3cd3f",
  "created_by_ref": "identity--f431f809-377b-45e0-aa1c-6a4751cae5ff",
  "created": "2016-04-06T20:03:48.000Z",
  "modified": "2016-04-06T20:03:48.000Z",
  "threat_actor_types": [ "crime-syndicate"],
  "name": "Evil Org",
  "description": "The Evil Org threat actor group",
  "aliases": ["Syndicate 1", "Evil Syndicate 99"],
  "roles": ["director"],
  "goals": ["Steal bank money", "Steal credit cards"],
  "sophistication": "advanced",
  "resource_level": "team",
  "primary_motivation": "organizational-gain"
}
``` 