# 4.8 Infrastructure
/
**Type Name:** `infrastructure`
/
The Infrastructure SDO represents a type of TTP and describes any systems, software services and any associated physical or virtual resources intended to support some purpose (e.g., C2 servers used as part of an attack, device or server that are part of defense, database servers targeted by an attack, etc.). While elements of an attack can be represented by other SDOs or SCOs, the Infrastructure SDO represents a named group of related data that constitutes the infrastructure.
/
## 4.8.1 Properties
/
### Required Common Properties
- `type`
- `spec_version`
- `id`
- `created`
- `modified`
/
### Optional Common Properties
- `created_by_ref`
- `revoked`
- `labels`
- `confidence`
- `lang`
- `external_references`
- `object_marking_refs`
- `granular_markings`
- `extensions`
/
### Not Applicable Common Properties
- `defanged`
/
### Infrastructure Specific Properties
- `name`
- `description`
- `infrastructure_types`
- `aliases`
- `first_seen`
- `last_seen`
- `kill_chain_phases`
/
## 4.8.2 Relationships
/
These are the relationships explicitly defined between the Infrastructure object and other STIX Objects. The first section lists the embedded relationships by property name along with their corresponding target. The rest of the table identifies the relationships that can be made from this object type to another object type by way of the Relationship object. The reverse relationships section illustrates the relationships targeting this object type from another object type. They are included here for convenience. For their definitions, please see the "Source" object.
/
Relationships are not restricted to those listed below. Relationships can be created between any objects using the `related-to` relationship type or, as with open vocabularies, user-defined names.
/
### Examples
/
Infrastructure itself, with context:
/
```json
{
  "type": "infrastructure",
  "spec_version": "2.1",
  "id": "infrastructure--38c47d93-d984-4fd9-b87b-d69d0841628d",
  "created": "2016-05-09T08:17:27.000Z",
  "modified": "2016-05-09T08:17:27.000Z",
  "name": "Poison Ivy C2",
  "infrastructure_types": ["command-and-control"]
}
``` 